fix: /ok-to-test /retest pipelineruns should not be created if last sha successful (#2048)
tektoncd/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/docs/guide/gitops_commands.md

## GitOps Commands on Pull Requests

> For example, when you are on a Pull Request, you may want to restart failed PipelineRuns. To do so, you can add a comment on your Pull Request starting with `/retest`, and all **failed** PipelineRuns attached to that Pull Request will be restarted. If all previous PipelineRuns for the same commit were successful, no new PipelineRuns will be created to avoid unnecessary duplication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when you are on a Pull Request, you may want to trigger failed PipelineRuns. To do so, you can add a comment on your Pull Request starting with `/retest`, and all **failed** PipelineRuns attached to that Pull Request will be triggered. If all previous PipelineRuns for the same commit were successful, no new PipelineRuns will be triggered to avoid unnecessary duplication.
```

Reviewer: @waveywaves here and all other places in docs you've updated, I see you're mentioning only `/retest` command but `/test` does the same. do you mind adding it as well in examples and wherever needed?

Author: Mostly because this PR is only related to /retest, I have updated all the tests to use /test instead of /retest whereever required. You want examples of of both /test and /retest through the repo is what you are saying ?

/retest
```

The `/retest` command will only create new PipelineRuns if:

> - Previous PipelineRuns for the same commit **failed**, OR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Previously **failed** PipelineRuns for the same commit, OR
```

> - No PipelineRuns exist for the same commit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- No PipelineRun has been run for the same commit yet
```

> If a successful PipelineRun already exists for the same commit, `/retest` will **skip** creating a new PipelineRun to avoid unnecessary duplication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a successful PipelineRun already exists for the same commit, `/retest` will **skip** triggering a new PipelineRun to avoid unnecessary duplication.
```

Reviewer: @waveywaves trigger is appropriate term I guess

**To force a rerun regardless of previous status**, use:
```text
/retest <pipelinerun-name>
```

> This will always create a new PipelineRun, even if previous runs were successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will always trigger a new PipelineRun, even if previous runs were successful.
```

> Similar to `/retest`, the `/ok-to-test` command will only create new PipelineRuns if no successful PipelineRun already exists for the same commit. This prevents duplicate runs when repository owners repeatedly approve the same commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to `/retest`, the `/ok-to-test` command will only trigger new PipelineRuns if no successful PipelineRun already exists for the same commit. This prevents duplicate runs when repository owners repeatedly test the same commit by `/test` and `/retest` command.
```

* `test-all-comment`: The event is a single `/test` that would test every matched PipelineRun.
* `test-comment`: The event is a `/test <PipelineRun>` comment that would test a specific PipelineRun.

> * `retest-all-comment`: The event is a single `/retest` that would retest every matched **failed** PipelineRun. If a successful PipelineRun already exists for the same commit, no new PipelineRun will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `retest-all-comment`: The event is a single `/retest` that would retest every matched **failed** PipelineRun. If a successful PipelineRun already exists for the same commit, no new PipelineRun will be triggered.
```

* `retest-comment`: The event is a `/retest <PipelineRun>` that would retest a specific PipelineRun.
* `on-comment`: The event is coming from a custom comment that would trigger a PipelineRun.
* `cancel-all-comment`: The event is a single `/cancel` that would cancel every matched PipelineRun.
* `cancel-comment`: The event is a `/cancel <PipelineRun>` that would cancel a specific PipelineRun.

> * `ok-to-test-comment`: The event is a `/ok-to-test` that would allow running the CI for an unauthorized user. If a successful PipelineRun already exists for the same commit, no new PipelineRun will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ok-to-test-comment`: The event is a `/ok-to-test` that would allow running the CI for an unauthorized user. If a successful PipelineRun already exists for the same commit, no new PipelineRun will be triggered.
```
